In our previous video, we moved our mock interface that we had built in our location service to work
in the local firebase function, but now our app is basically broken as we do not have any integration
to any type of service returning US data.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to do a local fetch request, and that request is going
to basically be a interaction between our firebase local function.
So this is going to send data over to here and that's going to allow us to integrate in our location
request again.
So let's go over here and let's take this URL right from here to here.
And what we're going to do is we're going to fill that in right there and we're going to see the city
is equal to a query parameter.
And we're going to make this a template string and we're going to say city is equal to search term,
and by doing that, we can now do then and by doing that, then we now have access to our response.
And what we need to do is something called return response Dot.
Jason, now, you could also do it this way where you return response Laugesen inside of here and this
is going to invoke the JSON serialization.
So it's going to take the object and it's going to understand that is going to get adjacent object back
to JavaScript.
Simple object notation back.
It's going to transform it and then it's going to pass it to location transform and by doing this now
what we can see over here in the app is if we dismiss, dismiss and we reload, what we're going to
see is undefined is not an object doing location request to lower case dot then, huh?
Oh, we have to return our fetch statement here.
And once we return our fetch statement, we are returning the promise that is going to talk to the server
over here and get this information and then pass it back over into here.
And if we go into our transform and we were to log our result, we would see that our result is basically
the information console dialog.
Result is the information that we expect to get back from the latitude longitude of the geometry of
the position of the location.
So Antwerp would return us a different longitude, latitude.
And if we were to fill in somewhere strange.
Well, that's obviously not going to return us any information.
And so it does not change anything in the UI.
If we did Chicago, obviously we're going to get a response and that's going to give us back our information.
Awesome.
So now that we know how our Geocode mark is going to interact over here and pass back information from
a local server into our application, what we can now do is do the same for the restaurant information
because the restaurant information and all of this information that we've marked over here in the restaurants
folder, will all of this can also be given to us by the server and by mocking that request as well
and moving it to the server, creating that full server based interaction will give us the ability to
integrate Google later on and just swap out what data resource is going to return to us.
And we're going to be doing cool things like enabling a mock parameter, et cetera, et cetera.
We'll get into that as we move further along this integration.
So now that we have this working, let's look at how we're going to move over the marks of the restaurant
info.